Delegation documentation (#448)
Concordium/concordium.github.io: source/shared/net/desktop-wallet/update-delegation.rst

.. Note::

   All transfers and transactions cost a fee, including staking and unstaking transactions. The fee is based on the set NRG for that transaction and the current exchange rate.
   The cost of transaction fees is stable in Euros, and therefore the price in CCD varies depending on the CCD to EUR exchange rate. The fee will always be deducted from the **Balance** of the account, so it is important to have some available CCDs to cover fees. A locked-for-staking balance cannot be used to pay for these transactions.
   You can see the fee in the transaction log.

.. Warning::
   Make sure you have enough funds in your disposable balance to cover transaction fees.

Update delegation (Single-signature account)
============================================

#. Go to **Accounts** and select the account on which you want to change your delegation preferences.

#. Click **Change view** then select *Update Delegation**.

> #. You can enter a new amount that you want to delegate, choose whether rewards should be redelegated or not, and enter the baker ID of a different baker pool to delegate to or select passive if you prefer that. Click **Continue**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. You can enter the baker ID of a different baker pool to delegate to or select passive if you prefer that. Click **Continue**. Then you enter a new amount that you want to delegate and choose whether rewards should be redelegated or not. Click **Continue**.
```

#. A message says **Waiting for device. Please connect your Ledger**. Connect the Ledger device to the computer and enter your PIN on the Ledger device.

#. Press the right button to navigate to the **Concordium** app, and then press both buttons to open the app. The Ledger says **Concordium is ready**. Wait for the message **Ledger Nano S is ready** in the Desktop Wallet and select **Submit**.

#. On the Ledger device, a message says **Review transaction**. Verify changes you made to any parameters; only changed parameters are shown. Navigate to the right to verify each parameter change.

#. The Ledger device says **Sign transaction**. Press both buttons to sign the transaction. The Ledger device says **Concordium is ready**.

#. In the Desktop Wallet, you can see that the transaction has been submitted to the chain. Select **Finish**.

Update delegation (Multi-signature account)
===========================================

> #. Go to **Multi Signature Transactions**, select **Make new proposal**, and then select **Update baker stake**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Go to **Multi Signature Transactions**, select **Make new proposal**, and then select **Update Delegation**.
```

#. Select the account whose baker stake you want to change.

> #. Enter the new amount that you want to stake and select **Continue**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. You can enter the baker ID of a different baker pool to delegate to or select passive if you prefer that. Click **Continue**. Then you enter a new amount that you want to delegate and choose whether rewards should be redelegated or not. Click **Continue**.
```

.. _update-delegation:

=================================
Update delegation to a baker pool
=================================

.. Note::

   Currently delegation is only available on Testnet.

You can change the delegation amount and preferences on an account. You do not have to change all selections. For example, you might only want to change if rewards are restaked or not.

> If you increase the delegation, the new amount will be applied at the start of the next pay day. There is one pay day every 24 hours. However, if you decrease the delegation, there is a cool-down period before the new stake is applied. During this period, you cannot stop delegation or change the amount, but you can change other delegation settings. After the cool-down period, the amount you’ve decreased the delegation with is returned to your disposable balance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you increase the delegation, the new amount will be applied at the start of the next pay day. There is one pay day every 24 hours. However, if you decrease the delegation, there is a cool-down period before the new stake is applied. During this period, you cannot stop delegation or change the amount, but you can change other delegation settings. After the cool-down period, the amount you’ve decreased the delegation by is returned to your disposable balance.
```
